# xpedia

Autogenerated searcheable HTML reference for OpenXCom games.

## Building: 

```
yarn install
npm run build
```

## Debugging

```
npm run dev
```

You will need to generate xpedia.html as above and copy it to /public/xpedia.html
Also, to have pictures, copy /user directory from the game to /public/user

## Building reference:

Install node.js from https://nodejs.org/en/

Copy contents of xpedia.zip to the root directory of the game.

Run `node xpedia.js` to construct and (depending on settings) open xpedia.

Xpedia build settings are configured in xpedia/config.json. 
Alternatively, you can run `node xpedia.js` with argument which is path to config.

Parameters are as follows:

* packed:true/false - if true, xpedia is compressed, drastically reducing file size
* json:true/false - if true, xpedia is saved as json instead of yaml, accelerating startup time
* mod_name: mod folder in user/mods
* backup_language - fallback language to use when string not found in primary language
* run - open xpedia(s) after compiling
* languages - one or more language configs
    * language - language name inside yaml
    * mod_language - language file name (without yml) in mod, if it differs from previous one
    * save_as - output html file
    * name - language name in language switch dropdown list
    * extra_language_yaml - list of additional language files (complete relative path)
    * extra_texts - similar to previous one, but with each language string being a separate file. 
      Format is has {name : file_path}

Each settings of "language" can be used outside of it, and will be applied to all language. 
If it's extra_language_yaml or exta_texts, it is added to individial language settings.